README.md, before:

# <Your-Project-Title>

## Description

This activity was completed to edit a webpage from a marketing agency "Horiseon" that follows accessbility standards that would result in its optimization for search engines. Edited content, code, and styling resolves the lacking elements that it required to be up to fulfill the consumer's acceptance criteria. The following were added or edited into the code and styling, but not limited to, semantic HTML elements, added alt attributes to images, and organizing the code as stated by the Scout's Rule. The challenge had allowed me to learn different aspects of HTML and CSS rules that would be required for future activities.

## Installation

N/A

## Usage

Inspect the code as needed for verification of Scout's Rule, along with semantic addition of HTML elements to organize the code along with the CSS styling. Navigate through the page through the links above the page which will allow you to directly get into the topics provided below for easier navigation. 

## Credits

A list of links and repositories included in the project are listed below:

README tutorial - https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/github/professional-readme-guide

HTML guide - https://htmlcheatsheet.com/

CSS guide - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS

And credits to all individuals that had taught us about the subject, including my instructors in the UT boot camp program.


## License

N/A

Commit message:

Further modified README and added webpage screenshot

README.md, after:

# Nux Provocatio XXII

## Description

This activity was completed to edit a webpage from a marketing agency "Horiseon" that follows accessbility standards that would result in its optimization for search engines. Edited content, code, and styling resolves the lacking elements that it required to fulfill the consumer's acceptance criteria. 

The following were added or edited into the code and styling, but not limited to:

<ul>
<li>Semantic HTML elements</li>
<li>Image alt attributes</li>
<li>Organization of the code as stated by the Scout's Rule</li>
</ul>

The challenge had allowed me to learn different aspects of HTML and CSS rules that would be required for future activities.

## Installation

N/A

## Usage

Inspect the code as needed for verification of Scout's Rule, along with semantic addition of HTML elements to organize the code along with the CSS styling. Navigate through the page through the links above the page which will allow you to directly get into the topics provided below for easier navigation.

## Page Preview

![Horiseon webpage screenshot with edited code and styling](./assets/images/webpage%20.png)

## Credits

A list of links and repositories included in the project are listed below:

README tutorial - https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/github/professional-readme-guide

HTML guide - https://htmlcheatsheet.com/

CSS guide - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS

And credits to all individuals that had taught us about the subject, including my instructors in the UT boot camp program.


## License

N/A
